#377: Optionally render details section in HTML report as expanded (#385)
itsallcode/openfasttrace: doc/spec/system_requirements.md

Rationale:

It makes exchanging reports with other people easier if everything is contained in a single file.

Covers:

* [feat~html-report~1](#html-report)

Needs: dsn

> ##### HTML Report Renders Details Opened or Closed by Default
> `req~reporting.html.details-folding~1`
> 
> OFT allows configuring the folding status of specification item details to open or closed by default.
> 
> Rationale:
> 
> Allowing the details section to be opened and visible allows rendering the HTML report to a PDF document that contains all details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### HTML Report Renders Details Expanded or Collapsed Initially as Configured
`req~reporting.html.details-folding~1`

OFT allows configuring the folding status of specification item details to expanded or collapsed by default.

Rationale:

Allowing the details section to be expanded and visible allows rendering the HTML report to a PDF document that contains all details.
```
